we're here at the world premiere of blue
planet 2
it's incredible simply because you just
never know what is going to happen we
found a whole world that's never been
seen before and probably no one will
ever see again we have decided within
every episode to address an aspect of
around each habitat since the the
fragility really of the oceans is
something I think comes through there's
something we must cherish every one of
us may think we live a long way from the
oceans but we don't what we actually do
here has direct effect on the oceans or
the oceans do then reflects back on us
it is one world and for the first time
in the history of humanity for the first
time 500 million years one species has
the future in the palm of his hands
[Music]
find out where you can watch blue planet
- in your area just go to BBC earth comm
/v planet - and make sure you subscribe
for more amazing BBC earth content